Life was simple, I remember.
I am Jason, and I am deaf.
Growing up with this disability was hard.
When I was younger, I saw people laughing and family showing affection.
I just walked around the neighborhood and observed what was going on around me.
I saw them walking and talking and wondered what that was all about.
Everything was a mystery to me.
But one day was a little different.
I saw children my age having fun, and they wanted me to play with them.
I said to myself, me, I can't believe they actually wanted me to be with them.
For once I felt welcomed, and that was how we became the best of friends.
Time went by so fast, we grew up spending time and discovering new things together.
I was having so much fun with their company that even questionable acts seemed right to me.
I learned how to smoke.
They taught me how to drink alcohol to our hearts content.
It felt like it was the best time of our lives.
I thought everything we did was how things were actually supposed to be.
One day, in a deaf search in our area, the witnesses found me.
I was hesitant at first, but they were very kind and friendly.
They educated me.
They even taught me how to sign my name.
Eventually, I studied the Bible with them.
I learned different truths from the Bible.
Finally came to know Jehovah, the only true God.
I learned the things Jehovah liked and disapproved of.
Our Bible study moved me to reexamine the life I lived.
I realized that what I did before wasn't pleasing to Jehovah.
My love for Jehovah grew deeper, and I knew exactly what I wanted to do.
I started to attend Christian meetings, and I met new friends in the congregation.
The Bible changed my life.
I gave my all to Jehovah and decided to dedicate myself to him.
It brought me nothing but real happiness.
And now, I am in full time service, eagerly declaring the good news.
I was appointed to serve as a ministerial servant in our congregation, and I was called
to volunteer in Bethel too.
I wouldn't have felt genuine happiness in accomplishing these spiritual assignments if
I wasn't in Jehovah's organization.
To all the deaf out there, that haven't had the chance to know Jehovah yet.
I hope and encourage you to study the Bible with the witnesses too.
Look at me, before I wasn't able to read and write.
I realized that even if we can't hear, we can still have a relationship with the only
true God.
I hope you find the same love and joy as I did under Jehovah's loving hands.
Jehovah has helped me, and for that, I will always thank and love him with all my heart.